Add API documentation for the Run Task Integration API (#2193)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/cloud-docs/integrations/run-tasks/index.mdx

When a run reaches the appropriate phase and a run task is triggered, the supplied URL will receive details about the run in a payload similar to the one below. The server receiving the run task should respond `200 OK`, or Terraform will retry to trigger the run task.

> See the [Run Task Integration API](/cloud-docs/api-docs/run-tasks-integration) for the exact payload specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Run Task Integration API](/cloud-docs/api-docs/run-tasks-integration) for the exact payload specification.
```

Once your server receives this payload, Terraform Cloud expects you to callback to the supplied `task_result_callback_url` using the `access_token` as an [Authentication Header](/cloud-docs/api-docs/#authentication) with a [jsonapi](/cloud-docs/api-docs/#json-api-formatting) payload of the form:

> See the [Run Task Integration API](/cloud-docs/api-docs/run-tasks-integration) for the exact callback specification.

Reviewer: To avoid ableist language, I always like to use "Refer to" rather than "See"

```suggestion
Refer to the [Run Task Integration API](/cloud-docs/api-docs/run-tasks-integration) for the exact callback specification.
```
